I
of midday Easter welcome back to twin
town the first bout to get underway here
tonight Danny ballad and Jimmy Reynolds
over eight three-minute rounds the
junior welterweight bout
they both
Oh
ladies and gentlemen on behalf of the
promoter mr. Russell Reuters and the
matchmaker mr. Don Glover welcome to
this huge night of boxing here in 20
times introducing to you the contestants
about one on this evening's program to
be decided over eight three-minute
rounds and the light welterweight
division introducing to you from the red
corner wearing black trunks 22 years of
age weighing in at 63.5 kilograms
Queensland champion rate the number four
in Australia ten professional bouts 163
by Kos trained by Shane Brady and Darren
Burke make welcome Danny belet's
his opponent from the blue corner
wearing blue trunks 23 years of age
weighing in at 63 kilograms all the way
from England he said five bouts winning
4-3 by Kos trained by the master trainer
mr. Johnny Lewis would you make welcome
all the way from England Ginny Reynolds
breathe mr. Wally Lewis mr. t prefer
angel referee mr. Brian McMahon I don't
keep the kidneys are the back of neck
when I say break don't hang on let go
straight away understand it ok shaky and
we'll get through this okay play for the
bill
pretty simple explanation of the rules
windsor referee Brian they're just
giving them a notice of what's required
keyboarding to find the soccer and ready
to go he's like Carl Lewis on the blocks
of the hundred important fight for
Reynolds a chance to make a name for
himself here in Australia only been here
a few months but Johnny Lewis has got
very big raps on him been sparring with
Kostya zoo so he's been getting some
very good work he looks fit actually
both these fellows similar colored
trucks and the blue colored clubs but
Danny bellot has the has the plaque and
Jimmy Reynolds a short crop reddish hair
now they go right fellas actually came
in slightly over the weight at the way
and at lunchtime today and it was
suggested to him that he should cut that
hair off and he said his girlfriend of
kill him so he went for a run instead
and made the limit you made it so he
gets into the ring and fights against
his head belt off nice right of his
girlfriend that's right I like to work
that one hour later wait both boxes just
a little bit untidy I think both are
keen to get on with this is no no
dancing and prancing and the opening
round that's just don't you look at each
other at the moment sir
but rental saw me this morning that he's
aiming at a world title so that's the
case then he'll be looking to put down a
ballot away here break it up come on
fella has the local support near he's
from narang just down the road loving
look at harry nicholls he's very worried
he's pretty fillies not carry on the
exes johnny lewis says the rental has
been working very very hard in the gym
and serving those sparring sessions with
kostas ooh i should have been very good
stead there's not too much better
sparring at the working with custard
hood looks like he might be gummy a bit
of confidence nicholson around sorry
yeah he's prepared to walk through any
got that right in Coley connected
left hand there now Watson trouble
Reynolds escorting him again that's a
very very big punch and that's all I
poor McMahon having a care that's it hey
no hey no and a correct decision a
requisition his legs were wobbling a
little bit well Danny Belet very very
disappointed but Jimmy Reynolds really
hit him with a catalyst solid blows
he was in trouble from the time the left
hook landed
big carriage from from bella now let's
have a look at this and the thing of
battery it got it flashed to the upper
cut is the live there was no it was in
trouble from that moment onwards he hung
on only what you need to do he didn't
need to hang on but he couldn't hang on
long enough his reynolds coming back
again and that's a very very big well as
indeed yes he said he's after world
title fight Jimmy Reynolds far cry from
Twin Towns Madison Square Garden river
he wants to go but that's the way to go
in but Jimmy was fortunate to get a good
one in early carriage of the other boys
shady want to go on with these he's
certainly not a loser so we're proud to
being such a good fighters young down
Johnny he certainly is a kid with a lot
of iligan day of Danny's the Queen's a
champion ranked number four and they
tell you must be pretty proud of
yourself I know you're trader is but you
must be pretty proud of yourself well
Johnny's put a lot hard-working some
recent opinion I'm really pleased with
tonight's performance all credit to
Danny Bella he's done he said he wanted
to carry on an all clear to a nitrous I
got in Australia for some time I think
I'll be a for definite now I think of it
for put my future's here so and I like
it here and I think I'll be here welcome
to quintons work of Australia Jimmy
Reynolds
the victor rises the glove